PRIVACY POLICY

Effective date: 09/24/2025

1. Introduction

Welcome to Murmur.

Murmur (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Murmur mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”).

Our Privacy Policy governs your use of Murmur and explains how we collect, safeguard, and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.

We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitute your agreement with us (“agreement”).

2. Definitions

SERVICE means the Murmur mobile application operated by us.

PERSONAL DATA means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data.

USAGE DATA is data collected automatically, generated by the use of the Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, duration of a page visit).

COOKIES are small files stored on your device.

DATA CONTROLLER means the natural or legal person who determines the purposes and manner in which personal data are processed. We are the Data Controller.

DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any person or company who processes data on behalf of the Data Controller.

DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject.

3. Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

4. Types of Data Collected
Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, such as:

(a) Email address
(b) First and last name
(c) Phone number
(d) Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
(e) Cookies and Usage Data

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information. You may opt out by following the unsubscribe link or emailing us at contact@murmurapp.com
.

Usage Data

This may include your IP address, browser type, browser version, pages visited, time and date of visits, time spent, device identifiers, and diagnostic data.

When accessed through a mobile device, this may also include device type, unique ID, IP address, operating system, mobile browser type, and other diagnostic data.

Location Data

We may use and store location information if you permit it. You can enable or disable location services through your device settings.

Tracking Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to monitor activity on our Service and hold certain information. Examples:

Session Cookies – used to operate our Service.

Preference Cookies – used to remember preferences.

Security Cookies – used for security purposes.

Advertising Cookies – used to serve relevant ads.

Other Data

We may also collect additional information such as age, gender, employment details, and other identifiers depending on your use of the Service.

From here, the sections continue as in your original policy:

5. Use of Data – providing, maintaining, improving, securing, and communicating about Service.

6. Retention of Data – we keep your data only as long as necessary.

7. Transfer of Data – your data may be stored in the U.S. or other jurisdictions.

8. Disclosure of Data – law enforcement, business transactions, service providers, or to protect rights and safety.

9. Security of Data – no method of transmission or storage is 100% secure, but we use commercially acceptable means.

10. GDPR Rights – EU/EEA users’ rights to access, correct, delete, restrict, and withdraw consent.

11. CalOPPA – California Online Privacy Protection Act compliance.

12. CCPA – California Consumer Privacy Act rights (access, delete, opt-out of sale of personal data).

13–17. Service Providers, Analytics, Advertising, and Remarketing – we may use third-party services like Google Analytics, Firebase, Mixpanel, Amplitude, FullStory, Segment, GitHub, CircleCI, Google Ads, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, etc.

18. Payments – handled by third-party processors like Stripe or PayPal; we do not store card details.

19. Links to Other Sites – we are not responsible for external sites.

20. Children’s Privacy – our Service is not intended for children under 13.

21. Changes to Policy – we will notify you of updates by posting here.

22. Contact Us – By email: themurmurapp@gmail.com.
